Brandy Sandrowicz
Personal Data
Work Status in:
Address:
Phone:
Email:
Github:

United States, Canada
25 Lambton Ave, Toronto, ON M6N 2S2
+1 647 882 2056
brandy@sandrowicz.org
github.com/bsandrow

Objective
Find a job where I can do at least two of the following things: (i) work with interesting
people, (ii) work on solving interesting problems, (iii) work on building something great. I
am geo-bound to the Toronto area, and am not considering relocating at this time.

Work Experience
Mar 2018
to
May 2023

Software Developer at d1g1t Inc.
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Financial Software for Money Management Firms
• Built a risk level reporting system for money managers with the support of company’s financial engineers.
• Worked on both the Python backend and the React front-end systems.
• Built and maintained a system that capable of rebalancing 1000’s of
financial accounts to match user specified parameters while taking
into account various trading restrictions.
• Built and maintained a system for managing trades and batches of
trades to be sent to trading systems for execution including processing allocation on receipt of trades.
• Maintained a system that managed transactions for all customer accounts and built them into various levels of reporting for both money
managers and their clients.
Technologies Utilized: Docker, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, ElasticSearch,
Python, AWS, Django, Django Rest Framework, Celery, Redis, React.js,
JavaScript

Oct 2013
to
Mar 2018

Lead Software Developer at Sowingo.com Corp.
Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Dental Supply Management
• Built an eCommerce platform allowing sales from 3rd party vendors
from the ground-up.
• Built an inventory management system with specialization in tracking oral surgery supplies from scratch.
• Built single page app administration system site admins and 3rd party
vendors.
• Built a custom PDF generation system for creating shelving labels.
Technologies Utilized: PostgreSQL, MySQL, Amazon Web Services (EB, S3,
EC2, Route53, RDS, VPC, CloudFront, SQS), Flask-RESTful, Python, Flask,
Nginx, Ubuntu Linux, ElasticSearch, SQLAlchemy, Stripe, AngularJS 1.x,
GulpJS, GruntJS, Angular-Material, HTML, CSS, JavaScript/ECMAScript,
EmberJS, Bootstrap, LESS, Sass, git, TravisCI, py.test

Aug 2008
to
Nov 2012

Software Developer at Rentrak Corp.
Portland, Oregon, USA and Toronto, Ontario, Canada
Media data analysis and auditing
• Developed cross-platform application in Groovy to interact with POS
systems and transmit transaction information back to central server.
• Developed internal CRM to facilitate multiple business units’ interactions with customers, including an email gateway, threaded comments, and porting of legacy CRM data.
• Maintained legacy internal applications (including GUIs in Java 1.3,
and ’green screens’ in C), including adding new features as required.
• Ported competing system (obtained via acquisition) within existing
systems, including data import, reporting system changes and data
warehousing.
• Optimized database access as volume passed thresholds that reduced
performance to unacceptable levels.
• Implemented marketing materials admin interface in HTML/JS, including drag-and-drop sorting.
• Created internal release tool on top of git with Python/Django.
Technologies Utilized: Linux (CentOS), MS Windows, Unify, Oracle, PostgreSQL, Java, C, Groovy, Perl, Python, Pro*C, Vim, Emacs, Apache, Nginx, Django, SQL*Plus

Education
Aug 2005

Bachelor of Computer Science in Engineering, University of Michigan

Technical Skills
Python (incl. SQLAlchemy, Flask, py.test) • HTML • NodeJS • CSS • LESS • Sass • JavaScript
• jQuery • AngularJS 1.x • Amazon Web Services • ElasticSearch • PostgreSQL • MySQL •
Oracle • git • Linux • Perl • bash/zsh • PHP • MatLab • Lisp • EmberJS • C++

Other
• Organizer for Pycon Canada 2013, 2015, and 2016

